# Movie Ticketing System
 
The project was to produce a movie ticketing system which enables the user to book a ticket for available movies. Users can check availability for a movie and make a reservation for a specific date and seat. There are 3 types of seats available: Standard, Gold and Premium. Customers can select seats depending on personal preference. Each type has its price. Standard is for RM 15, Gold is for RM 20 and Premium is for RM 45. Regular staff can make new reservations, edit reservations and enter payments. Only managers can access the reports. Regular staff is not authorized to check the reports.

This new system is beneficial for users because it enables users to book a ticket easily with just a few steps. It is also easier and safer for managers to check the report because only they have access to the report. The system is very simple and requires only a few steps to book a ticket. This new system allows customers to change their reservations if they want. Either for a seat or date but they should meet any member of the staff first to change any details. If the seat has already been reserved by another person from before then they won’t be able to choose that number. They must choose another seat or date. The customer can choose to pay in notes or coins. Notes being RM 1, RM 5, RM 10, RM 20 and RM 50. Coins being RM 0.10 and 0.50. The report allows you to view all the updated reservations to date. This system allows users to add a new booking while they are on the booking screen which is easier.

Most of the prices are automatically provided to the user when they select the movie or seat. The system does not provide the wrong prices. If you wish to cancel, you can cancel from the login page or the booking page. Staff and Managers have similarities in accessing the system. The only difference is that Managers can view the report whereas the rest of the staff cannot. When the staff logs in, the system takes it to a different page from how the managers can access. Managers have a report button, but staff doesn’t have that.

The users also have an update option in the edit part where they can update any information they want. In the booking page, after users have selected everything and they press pay, it takes them to the payment page where the user has to enter the notes that he/she has received from the customer. After they press pay, a new reservation has been made.
